v3 migration docs (#5853)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/docs/cdn-usage.md

In addition to npm, `msal` can be consumed from Microsoft-hosted CDNs.

> **_NOTE:_** Starting from MSAL.js v3 CJS builds are no longer hosted on the CDN. If you consumed `msal-browser` from the CDN before you should either host `msal-browser` yourself or follow this guide:
> 
> 1. Pull `msal-browser` from npm
> 2. Choose one of:
>    * Use the ESM build
>    * Extract the CJS build from the download and bundle it
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_NOTE:_** Starting from MSAL.js v3 `msal-browser` is no longer hosted on the CDN. If you consume `msal-browser` from the CDN you will need to download `msal-browser` from npm and choose one of the following alternatives before upgrading:

1. Consume the ESM build (preferred)
1. Extract `lib/msal-browser.js` or `lib/msal-browser.min.js` from the downloaded package and serve it as a static asset with your app or host it on your own CDN
```

```

### SRI Hash Notes

> 

Reviewer: Given the SRI hashes below won't be kept updated on this branch, we may consider removing the contents of this entire doc except for the note above and a link to the v2 branch if someone is looking for the v2 information. Can be done later if you wish.

Author: That's a good point. Let's do that later once we finalize our release branching strategy.
